all right it's a patented type of
skeleton skeletal strength condition
strength conditioning that improves your
overall health yes in what one time a
week for ten minutes
sweat free pain-free session at osteo
strong you develop strength improve bone
density better posture balance and
athletic performance while eliminating
that joint and back pain joining us with
more on this unique type of training the
inventor of the technology dr. John Jake
wish welcome thank you thanks for having
me so many I think people suffer from
all this stuff horse yeah we want to get
to the beginning though of your story
because it's personal for you it is why
you created osteo strong technology in
the first place because of your mom
right my mother was diagnosed with
osteoporosis and I started researching
what I could do to potentially address
the problem what I came to was gymnasts
gymnasts have superhuman bone density
and it's the reason is the way they
contact the ground the rate at which
they hit the ground gives them sometimes
ten times their own body weight through
their musculoskeletal system so the
objective in creating the devices was
building a device that gave us the
benefits of high impact and then using
robotics and computer monitored
biofeedback that we take the risk out of
it so instead of an out of control event
it becomes an in control event okay tell
us about osteo strong that's what you
call it
got your age range members great
question to what type of people will you
see so mark just almost anybody with
bones would benefit so somebody who's a
high end athlete an elite athlete who
wants to be able to contact the ground
and deliver more force or absorb more
force into the body without taking
injury would benefit from this but we're
all high-performance athletes because
the two of you even older decondition
people we all have moments where we have
to brace for an impact you miss a step
yes when you when you you know that you
fall off the curb or something Sam took
offense we did it yeah
there for a living and so you've got
these pieces of equipment yes
everything's nice so the devices are
robotic they're with 2,000 pounds we
didn't bring them in but lots of
examples of what can it can apply or
show the application how we load the
body yeah so so everything's patented
just you know make sure that nobody can
come up with some goofy knockoff of it
and right and so you have to go to
Australia to take advantage of this bone
strengthening technology now it also
does some great things for posture so
shoulders move back as you made the job
yes computers - we're all hunched over
owns great right so loss of my own
mechanics shoulders move back your
ribcage opens up and you take in more
oxygen with every breath let's you
brought in not the big machines which
brought in this X 3 bar tell us about it
and Jessica's soaps they doing X 3 bar
is another one of my inventions so right
now what you're gonna do is unit you're
gonna curl right now you're gonna bring
the bar up good as you okay that's a
hundred pounds at the top but she's
holding right now now go ahead now when
you're down you can't handle a hundred
pounds uh-huh but you're seven times
stronger in the stronger range of motion
then you are in the weaker range of
motion a the same thing with impact
emulation biomechanics and that's what
the whole principle is based on right so
yeah and this is here to show just to
show people now that's another product
that's amazing for building muscle mass
reshaping the body and they have that it
osteo strong also okay now you've also
brought this separation of equipment
right here so this is a warm-up device
you want to bend your knees mark okay
and I'm gonna flip this on and so this
vibrates in three different ways side to
side up and down a forward and backward
to make the body slightly unstable so
that reflexes fire so that in your core
in your neck all the things that maybe
deconditioned or giving you chronic pain
become relaxed and then you're prepared
for the movement on the robot oh this
the first things you are doing yeah yeah
yeah alright
what you want yeah does it feel cool
quickly you have an initiative for
breast cancer awareness month yes we do
so for those who are survivors of breast
cancer or who are currently in treatment
a lot of those medications are very
damaging to bone so they can go into the
osteo strong location and get a free
month there's also a free session for
anybody awesome get the information new
location Washington Boulevard for more
info you can go to osteo strong la comm
follow them on instagram thanks for
being ok when you turn it off I didn't
realize it didn't realize how much
you're shaking thank you
[Music]